We're seeing the mathematical definition of the cost function.
> 我们看到了成本函数的数学定义。
Now, let's build some intuition about what the cost function is really doing.
> 现在，让我们对成本函数的实际作用有一些直观的认识。
In this video, we'll walk through one example to see how the cost function can be used to find the best parameters for your model.
> 在本视频中，我们将通过一个示例来看看成本函数如何用于找到模型的最佳参数。
I know this video's little bit longer than the others, but bear with me, I think it'll be worth it.
> 我知道这个视频比其他视频长一点，但请耐心等待，我认为这会很值得。
To recap, here's what we've seen about the cost function so far.
- recap 回顾
- we've seen 我们已经看到了
- so far 到目前为止
> 回顾一下，到目前为止我们已经了解了成本函数。
You want to fit a straight line to the training data, so you have this model, fw, b of x is w times x, plus b.
- fit 拟合
- straight line 直线
> 你想要将一条直线拟合到训练数据上，所以你有这个模型，fw，b of x是w乘以x，再加上b。
Here, the model's parameters are w, and b.
> 这里，模型的参数是w和b。
Now, depending on the values chosen for these parameters, you get different straight lines like this.
> 现在，根据为这些参数选择的值，你会得到不同的直线，就像这样。
You want to find values for w, and b, so that the straight line fits the training data well.
> 你想要找到w和b的值，使得直线很好地拟合训练数据。
To measure how well a choice of w, and b fits the training data, you have a cost function J.
- measure 衡量
> 为了衡量w和b的选择对训练数据的拟合程度，你有一个成本函数J。
What the cost function J does is, it measures the difference between the model's predictions, and the actual true values for y.
- predictions 预测值
- actual true values 实际真实值
> 成本函数J的作用是，它衡量模型的预测值与y的实际真实值之间的差异。
What you see later, is that linear regression would try to find values for w, and b, then make a J of w be as small as possible.
- as small as possible 尽可能小
> 你将会看到，线性回归会尝试找到w和b的值，然后使J of w尽可能小。
In math, we write it like this.
> 在数学中，我们会这样写。
We want to minimize, J as a function of w, and b.
> 我们想要最小化J作为w和b的函数。
Now, in order for us to better visualize the cost function J, this work of a simplified version of the linear regression model.
- in order for 为了
- visualize 可视化
> 为了更好地可视化成本函数J，我们将使用线性回归模型的简化版本。
We're going to use the model fw of x, is w times x.
> 我们将使用模型fw of x，即w乘以x。
You can think of this as taking the original model on the left, and getting rid of the parameter b, or setting the parameter b equal to 0.
> 你可以将其视为将左侧的原始模型中的参数b去掉，或者将参数b设置为0。
It just goes away from the equation, so f is now just w times x.
You now have just one parameter w, and your cost function J, looks similar to what it was before.
Taking the difference, and squaring it, except now, f is equal to w times xi, and J is now a function of just w. The goal becomes a little bit different as well, because you have just one parameter, w, not w and b.
With this simplified model, the goal is to find the value for w, that minimizes J of w.
To see this visually, what this means is that if b is set to 0, then f defines a line that looks like this.
You see that the line passes through the origin here, because when x is 0, f of x is 0 too.
Now, using this simplified model, let's see how the cost function changes as you choose different values for the parameter w. In particular, let's look at graphs of the model f of x, and the cost function J.
I'm going to plot these side-by-side, and you'll be able to see how the two are related.
First, notice that for f subscript w, when the parameter w is fixed, that is, is always a constant value, then fw is only a function of x, which means that the estimated value of y depends on the value of the input x.
In contrast, looking to the right, the cost function J, is a function of w, where w controls the slope of the line defined by f w. The cost defined by J, depends on a parameter, in this case, the parameter w. Let's go ahead, and plot these functions, fw of x, and J of w side-by-side so you can see how they are related.
We'll start with the model, that is the function fw of x on the left.
Here are the input feature x is on the horizontal axis, and the output value y is on the vertical axis.
Here's the plots of three points representing the training set at positions 1, 1, 2, 2, and 3,3.
Let's pick a value for w. Say w is 1.
For this choice of w, the function fw, they'll say this straight line with a slope of 1.
Now, what you can do next is calculate the cost J when w equals 1.
You may recall that the cost function is defined as follows, is the squared error cost function.
If you substitute fw(X^i) with w times X^i, the cost function looks like this.
Where this expression is now w times X^i minus Y^i.
For this value of w, it turns out that the error term inside the cost function, this w times X^i minus Y^i is equal to 0 for each of the three data points.
Because for this data-set, when x is 1, then y is 1.
When w is also 1, then f(x) equals 1, so f(x) equals y for this first training example, and the difference is 0.
Plugging this into the cost function J, you get 0 squared.
Similarly, when x is 2, then y is 2, and f(x) is also 2.
Again, f(x) equals y, for the second training example.
In the cost function, the squared error for the second example is also 0 squared.
Finally, when x is 3, then y is 3 and f(3) is also 3.
In a cost function the third squared error term is also 0 squared.
For all three examples in this training set, f(X^i) equals Y^i for each training example i, so f(X^i) minus Y^i is 0.
For this particular data-set, when w is 1, then the cost J is equal to 0.
Now, what you can do on the right is plot the cost function J.
Notice that because the cost function is a function of the parameter w, the horizontal axis is now labeled w and not x, and the vertical axis is now J and not y.
You have J(1) equals to 0.
In other words, when w equals 1, J(w) is 0, so let me go ahead and plot that.
Now, let's look at how F and J change for different values of w. W can take on a range of values, so w can take on negative values, w can be 0, and it can take on positive values too.
What if w is equal to 0.5 instead of 1, what would these graphs look like then? Let's go ahead and plot that.
Let's set w to be equal to 0.5, and in this case, the function f(x) now looks like this, is a line with a slope equal to 0.5.
Let's also compute the cost J, when w is 0.5.
Recall that the cost function is measuring the squared error or difference between the estimator value, that is y hat I, which is F(X^i), and the true value, that is Y^i for each example i. Visually you can see that the error or difference is equal to the height of this vertical line here when x is equal to 1.
Because this lower line is the gap between the actual value of y and the value that the function f predicted, which is a bit further down here.
For this first example, when x is 1, f(x) is 0.5.
The squared error on the first example is 0.5 minus 1 squared.
Remember the cost function, we'll sum over all the training examples in the training set.
Let's go on to the second training example.
When x is 2, the model is predicting f(x) is 1 and the actual value of y is 2.
The error for the second example is equal to the height of this little line segment here, and the squared error is the square of the length of this line segment, so you get 1 minus 2 squared.
Let's do the third example.
Repeating this process, the error here, also shown by this line segment, is 1.5 minus 3 squared.
Next, we sum up all of these terms, which turns out to be equal to 3.5.
Then we multiply this term by 1 over 2m, where m is the number of training examples.
Since there are three training examples m equals 3, so this is equal to 1 over 2 times 3, where this m here is 3.
If we work out the math, this turns out to be 3.5 divided by 6.
The cost J is about 0.58.
Let's go ahead and plot that over there on the right.
Now, let's try one more value for w. How about if w equals 0? What do the graphs for f and J look like when w is equal to 0? It turns out that if w is equal to 0, then f of x is just this horizontal line that is exactly on the x-axis.
The error for each example is a line that goes from each point down to the horizontal line that represents f of x equals 0.
The cost J when w equals 0 is 1 over 2m times the quantity, 1^2 plus 2^2 plus 3^2, and that's equal to 1 over 6 times 14, which is about 2.33.
Let's plot this point where w is 0 and J of 0 is 2.33 over here.
You can keep doing this for other values of w. Since w can be any number, it can also be a negative value.
If w is negative 0.5, then the line f is a downward-sloping line like this.
It turns out that when w is negative 0.5 then you end up with an even higher cost, around 5.25, which is this point up here.
You can continue computing the cost function for different values of w and so on and plot these.
It turns out that by computing a range of values, you can slowly trace out what the cost function J looks like and that's what J is.
To recap, each value of parameter w corresponds to different straight line fit, f of x, on the graph to the left.
For the given training set, that choice for a value of w corresponds to a single point on the graph on the right because for each value of w, you can calculate the cost J of w. For example, when w equals 1, this corresponds to this straight line fit through the data and it also corresponds to this point on the graph of J, where w equals 1 and the cost J of 1 equals 0.
Whereas when w equals 0.5, this gives you this line which has a smaller slope.
This line in combination with the training set corresponds to this point on the cost function graph at w equals 0.5.
For each value of w you wind up with a different line and its corresponding costs, J of w, and you can use these points to trace out this plot on the right.
Given this, how can you choose the value of w that results in the function f, fitting the data well? Well, as you can imagine, choosing a value of w that causes J of w to be as small as possible seems like a good bet.
J is the cost function that measures how big the squared errors are, so choosing w that minimizes these squared errors, makes them as small as possible, will give us a good model.
In this example, if you were to choose the value of w that results in the smallest possible value of J of w you'd end up picking w equals 1.
As you can see, that's actually a pretty good choice.
This results in the line that fits the training data very well.
That's how in linear regression you use the cost function to find the value of w that minimizes J.
In the more general case where we had parameters w and b rather than just w, you find the values of w and b that minimize J.
To summarize, you saw plots of both f and J and worked through how the two are related.
As you vary w or vary w and b you end up with different straight lines and when that straight line passes across the data, the cause J is small.
The goal of linear regression is to find the parameters w or w and b that results in the smallest possible value for the cost function J.
Now in this video, we worked through our example with a simplified problem using only w. In the next video, let's visualize what the cost function looks like for the full version of linear regression using both w and b.
You see some cool 3D plots.
Let's go to the next video.